hello everyone and welcome to episode 9
of hot line League we got the hottest
league for you tonight it's all the
hottest stuff all the league's hot
hottest hosts hottest house and obably
will be joining us later on too so even
you know you even have Hobley that's
right I will get to that in just a
second but this is episode 9 of hot line
League we are airing this on Monday the
15th of January as Comox of dagger spine
subs to the show let the Martin Luther
King Day baby yeah does not mean
anything to me in terms of what day it
is I mean obviously the guy was a very
very important I mean we're moving on I
mean a lot of people see it as a holiday
for me it's just another Monday in terms
of my workflow you know we're moving on
you're saying it's a great day
celebrating a great figure
yeah even even even on such a great day
you don't have the chance to take it off
because we're producing great eSports
content for the fans right you sports
Never Sleeps yeah I almost feel like we
got to restart this one but we'll just
move on you know what it's good that
you're getting us out on this show
because before you get to the analyst
desk and flub up like that anyway we're
that's right so LCS is starting at this
Saturday and of course we're gonna be
talking about that making predictions
mark has a Power Rankings out that we'll
be discussing
shortly but mark house this past week
been for you it's been exciting and
doing a lot more meetings ramping up the
analyst desk as it's gonna be a bigger
deal now and all that and like I said
and very excited about that finally put
like the first thing on my youtube
channel in over a month out today so
that felt good to kind of do I still
need to refund my patreon for last month
right into fuck-all but of that I'm just
except for the season start it's it's
like life isn't the same without the LCS
going on yeah yeah I know what you mean
it's been interesting there's so much
stuff going on there's a I'm going to an
echo Fox event tomorrow and interview
some of their players did
interview with pretty much everyone on
CLG those are coming out this week and
just kind of prepping for stuff training
you there's you know sometimes I like to
share personal tidbits on this yeah went
to a thrift store near my apartment with
a coffee table this week to donate it
and the woman said sorry we can't take
any damaged furniture and I said will
security Lee quit
what do you see his damage on this and
she said are you kidding me right now
like see the top of this coffee table
gave that place of negative yelp review
anyway Wow yeah
Holly's gonna be joining us on the show
and a little bit but first we're gonna
before we get into calls before Ovilus
shows up we're going to talk a little
bit about our predictions so you want to
give me the here give me the top five of
your power ranking videos so that people
have to go watch the other but the rest
of it to see the other five well do top
six for all the playoff teams I had TSM
number one teal number two CLG number
three c9 number four clutch gaming
number five and one hundred thieves
number six okay okay so you know maybe
we can do right now we should do is I
pick my glasses back on so I can see my
screen well alright well I remind
everyone how this works
yeah so if you guys are new to the show
the way this goes down is we have a
discord I'm spamming it in the chat
right now oh I know that's your that's
your stream but take two I'm speaking up
as many what copies of the stream as you
can yeah and that increases your chances
a critic of the show joined the discord
there's gonna be the general voice chat
which you're gonna want to join because
that's how I drag you into the waiting
room and stuff if you're not in there I
can't add you to the waiting room and
then post your takes in the general text
chat so like I said I want takes not I
want to talk about this I want to talk
about your power inking tell me
specifically what you overrated TSM they
won't do that well Mike Young's the
liability stuff like that you
specifics that way I can know what I'm
bringing you on for and we will debate
and I will tell you why you're wrong and
as always at the start of the show mark
and I chat a little bit about something
kind of related to the topic I think the
main topic for this week will obviously
be the start of LCS coming this this
weekend but maybe mark just to kind of
whet everyone's whistle put some
opinions out there that people can call
in and argue with us about we can talk
about our predictions for this weekend
have you done predictions yet no and
with all due respect I think I should
save those for what what do you think
the analyst desk yes oh don't people
might put out predictions ahead of the
analyst desk all the time this used to
happen people would do predictions on
the dive and then on the analyst test
they'd say oh never mind I changed my
prediction yeah I mean I think it's fine
but going for and you know I don't think
it's a big deal if I did predictions but
all right
although my predictions cuz I'm not a
little baby no we're doing like a
running prediction thing over the course
of the year and pretty sure that Jack
mentioned that in this comment he was
like one of the things that's nice about
having a set desk is you can do like
season-long things over the desks and
one of them is going to be if chat or I
predict more things correct from the
desk and I don't want to watch this and
get a leg up with my superior reasoning
I am going to make my predictions
because I'm not held back by corporate
like Marc and I'm gonna say I'm gonna go
through Marc you can you can tell me if
any of these are crazy or you know
whatever so I've got TSM over Team
Liquid that's right I know I don't
believe as much and team like I think
Tim like what's gonna have a slow start
to the let's play let's see hundred
thieves verse optic is the next one you
an intercept on screen no should I why
don't you put up yes well it's it's
difficult because of the way that this
works but I'll figure it out okay
hang hang up hang on everybody we're all
in this together
I'm pitting the web page where
self-producing here this is a bootstrap
production
all right all right so here's the
schedule everyone as the lolly sports
page four freezes to load there we go so
we got a hundred thieves verse optic and
I didn't I'm like mark you know I didn't
go through and figure out these ahead of
time so gonna do them kind of live right
now but I think hundred thieves over
optic I feel like that's not okay Z okay
I will call you crazy I'll call you
crazy when I disagree okay okay
clutch over golden Guardians mm-hmm
we got I like that you're like I'll call
you crazy but I disagree so we're just
getting these you're revealing your
predictions by not ago though all right
I I think I think echo fox is gonna
start off strong to the split before you
know possibly raise II imploding so I
think echo fox our flight quest you
think crazy okay yeah alright then we
got counter logic gaming as we scroll
down and over cloud or actually mmm this
one was this one actually might be the
toughest to decide on the whole day for
me I'm gonna go I'm gonna go with cloud
nine maybe with cloud nine alright well
the next day what do we got we got optic
team like okay Team Liquid TSM when I
wear CLG is really close I was thinking
if I should call you crazy but I think
it's close enough that there's no like
yeah there's yet I don't you could pick
either and it shouldn't people shouldn't
consider you crazy
yeah we got TSM F like West I feel like
that's easy
CLG over hundred leaves cloud and I
never go dude day two is not cloud nine
over golden Guardians well no hundred
thieves for CLG G what do you Tama that
matches hype is fuck natural versus
former team okay that's hype but do you
think that it's gonna be close I think
if CLG are not informed it'll be close
yeah maybe 100 hundred thieves are why
wouldn't they be informed though because
they lost their fucking shot-caller
their emotional leader afro mood they're
gonna be like you talk a lot Bobby
hang on let's go let's go back to our
faces you talk a lot about
emotional leaders but I think do you
really emotional leader sounds like such
like a I don't know if that exists right
like afro was another player on the team
yes he was a veteran yes he probably
helped me King shot calls by the way
there's very few teams that have just
one shot caller and I doubt it was afro
I'm specifically entirely him so yeah
the narrative is probably great like I'm
sure on the analyst desk you know you're
gonna have Japanese like this was their
emotional shock collar you know he's
like the guy leading the team for all
these years and now they're gonna have
to figure that out you know but I I just
I I don't know if that's actually how it
plays out I think the bigger concern is
not just that you're losing afro but who
you're bringing in as well because reign
over so this was my point in my video
was like reign over on Team look it was
brought in to be like a veteran presence
and of like a vocal person who's gonna
help lead the game need he sucked at
that like he was awful
he completely failed in that capacity
he's a great jungler but you need to
have like you can't rely on him to be
that guy bio Frost was kicked off TSM
and the one reason they gave was
communication so you're bringing in two
guys who sucked at communication on a
team that usually wins through their
play making and team synergy way more
than they do based off individual skills
so while I have no problem agreeing afro
and rain Omar got upgraded it's how good
are they now as a team because it's all
about like cooky making crazy Rome plays
with his jungler and being all over the
map and like will bio frost be able to
work with who he when who he's like hey
it's level 2 I'm coming down bot Lane
like yeah something that that bio frost
is gonna give him the appropriate
information to do so one thing that one
thing that people should check out is
every piece of content on my youtube
channel but specifically the 6a
interview that I posted to today and it
sounds like they have more shot cars
than they know what to do with because
in it he says basically bio came on
which by the way side note here I title
the video is bio frost sealed gene a
shot-caller and everybody
watching the fucking video goes in and
they're like no he's not no he's not all
Allah like well you should watch the
video because in its takes a says that
basically bio joined up and he told Tony
and and stick say or the team hey I
wanted to have more of a voice on the
team and more of a leadership position
not looking to be the shot-caller but I
want to sort of step up in that way and
then stick say says that basically the
games the scrim start and bio just
starts shotcalling naturally and talking
the entire time and so anyway that's a
good sign to me and then and then the
funny thing is I posted this video not
knowing that a couple of hours earlier
maybe yesterday somebody had gone to the
CLG fan me
and asked who he who was gonna be the
shot-caller for the team and who he said
it's me you knows like who he's gonna be
the shot-caller so yeah I don't know
what that means but it's interesting
well I think the idea of like a singular
shot-caller is not really what I was
criticizing them for because darshan I
know is super vocal and who he I know is
very vocal now but it sounds like you
shouldn't be as concerned about no bio
Frost not being as vocal as he was in
league be girl
TSM because it sounds like he's gonna be
more vocal now I mean you mean that team
doesn't want to say anything negative
he's the sticks they brought it up on
his own I wasn't like you didn't watch
the interview alright no I didn't know
what I I understand that like bio frost
it's not like he's a mute you know like
I understand he talks and he can
communicate but like it's about onstage
in pressure in those kinds of situations
that's one of the things after it was
always great at was he was very cool
like you know the clutch thing I mean
like it didn't feel like nerves really
got to a fro ya know he's inviting the
thieves not clutch now what he said the
clutch thing he's on hundreds a clutch
factor dude clutch is a fucking word
outside of the team you know right I
know I was anyways my point is we've
seen bio frost get like shook on stage
before it like I just am saying you took
what CLG was good at and you removed the
best people from for that like Smith he
was always really vocal in the early
game
and had a clear picture what he want to
do afro very vocal yes I still have
darshan and houki but like jungle and
support are two of the most important
places in the early game and you put in
two players who are not known for their
communication skills alright our last I
have last couple of things I got cloud
nine over golden Guardians I'm just I've
went I went really safe on all these so
I'm gonna go with clutch over echo Fox I
think clutch will clutch it out to
continue with the clutch buns this the
show at the risk of giving away too much
information the echo Fox clutch matchup
is very interesting because I think
clutch the better team but you're
putting solo up against Unni which
sounds like a nightmare
mmm-hmm yeah it'll be interesting I'm
very curious what whoo nice mentality is
gonna be well you just got off as
Katie's coming back like do you feel
like that means he's gonna be like I'm
ready to prove myself or do you think
he's gonna be like oh what an exhausting
gear I've got bacon gave to the finals
this year so time to kick back and relax
you know um yeah I don't think he's
gonna kick back and relax also it's like
a fun metaphor honey like there's a lot
of toppling carries you can play yeah
okay well it being fun by the way we
just broke a thousand viewers we've
never had that on the show before I
think it's Cara hosted us one time and
that was when we got her that was one
guy I thought we got it just because we
did like the show during like the roster
maybe maybe yeah I thought that was just
like a late time thanks everyone
thanks for the support yeah so I don't
know I think I think that'll be
interesting
we got about nine minutes or so before
we bring awfully on so mark maybe you
can uh you can show us like all more or
do you wanna you wanna know I'm just I I
shared some opinions you don't want to
share your predictions which is
understandable but maybe you can think
of whatever a couple if you want to make
any bold predictions for this first
weekend I'll make it's not really a
prediction it's just like a claim I
guess I would say that the most
important player for how this entire
like season shakes out is licorice
because c9 last season they were between
like the second and fourth best team and
they were a very big stopgap between
like good and bad teams because they
absolutely obliterated bad teams that
the fastest win rate ever or not ever
but that split and if licorice comes in
and is a liability he potentially keeps
Siena from ever really challenging for
first potentially losing to some of
these new import teams but if he comes
in and he's solid and can hold his own
in the top lane verse a very strong
position because there's a lot of really
good tops there's Pune darshan and
hauntzer
flame someday like the pool of top
laners is really strong and so if he
can't handle that caliber of opponent on
a weekly basis consistently he'll
probably hold c9 down but if he can do
it c9 could potentially push for first
place do you don't say I know it's fine
I I'm curious I'm trying to think when
okay you can look at most teams and you
can think of like the major misstep that
they made right like pretty much any
team that's ever brought Darkon
especially after his tenure on on Team
Liquid but also like you know TSM with
glebe TSM with yellow star I'm very
curious what are the major missteps that
c9 has made I don't think they made any
major missteps for him like so like
impact got really overpaid for this
season you know the really overvalued
players potentially well so other people
did like if someone's gonna come up to
one of your players you think is good
but like all things considered impact
was like top four top five when he was
inform like he got smashed a lot at a
time in summer and then he obviously is
great in the playoffs and great at
Worlds but he's like yeah you know top
three when he's inform and then like top
six top seven when he's not and so if
someone comes in is like we're gonna pay
a million dollars to that player because
next year he's a permanent residency I
think I understand Jack's position of
not wanting to pay for that
if that's the reason they let him go and
didn't match any offer or maybe impact
just decided to leave I'm not exactly
sure but I can understand letting impact
go the contract situation was a weird
one to me there was a twit longer
contract said that they were they agreed
in principle to a three-year deal and
then he kind of backed out to say I want
to at least see my value on the open
market and during that time Jack signed
span and traded contracts yeah and this
is via contracts as a two-hour I had a
conversation both with Jackie on with
contracts recently that sort of verified
that his originally I was gonna try to
do an interview with contracts about
although well then I became at way
longer yep so so it seems like Jack kind
of just didn't want to wait to see what
happened with contract and just pulled
the trigger on someone he felt like was
acceptable I mean the theme the theme of
offseason was panicked owners trying to
secure a roster because they were afraid
they were gonna end up like in a
disastrous situation and I think that's
kind of what happened right it's like
you've got this guy who's on your roster
you're worried is gonna leave so you
like grab somebody yeah I think that's
the feeling I got so I don't think c9
was like this is the team we hundred
percent want I think they wanted
licorice for sure but the jungle move
was not exactly ideal so I think that's
it's hard to say they went wrong there
it wasn't like oh my god how could they
possibly think that was gonna work out
the only reason I brought up the
question of what missteps has c9 made in
the past is that I think I've always
been impressed with Jack's ability to
find talent and to make kind of big bets
that people question and then they end
up working okay both on the Challenger
front and also on the the main roster so
you know I feel like it's hard to
imagine the licorice being a disaster
maybe he'll end up being like the the
big you know Lipsy 9s first big failure
but it seems much more likely that he
will at most just be mediocre right and
and how does you say it all so much the
split depends on licorice what happens
if licorice just becomes like neutral
well I don't that was my point is I
don't really know if there is a neutral
position in the top lane pool because
you have like those six guys who I said
are beasts
and like they all had different
playstyles and they're all different
players but all of them are really
really good and then you have like Laura
Lowe Zig I'm forgetting somebody so low
and if licorice falls more into that
second category I think c9 has really
legitimate problems staying a threat for
the number one so what if these he falls
into a third category that exists
between the first and second category I
I don't know I would have a hard time
envisioning what that category is
because like someone like Lorde Lowe can
at times go toe to toe with him I think
in summer he maybe I forget what it was
but he like he had some really nice
stats and like it was he points played
really well and a lot of people said you
know Laura lows not as bad as people say
and that's something I agreed with but
he was still a clear tear below that
actually really strong top laners yeah
so either either licorice is a step
behind and like he's not getting smashed
every single game and maybe because it's
best of one that means it's not as big
of a problem whereas like you need to
win two out of three games verse hooni
or someday or whatever it is but I have
I have a hard time seeing that middle
category where he's like losing
consistently but not so badly that
Jensen sneaky and smoothie and Swank
can't carry right well 2018 is the year
of the lower low so I don't think it
even really matters yeah he's coming
back strong yeah okay so let's let's get
awfully on which means we need to switch
scenes I'll use my this is my
transitionary scene I'm off with two
bated breath yeah so this we just use
this as the filler while we're switching
scenes to the call I like how there's
like one getif or something that is just
barely off-screen and animated is there
yeah like it's like someone putting on
their underwear it's just slightly out
of shot but you can see the movement
yeah I go for that
hello oddly she can't hear us
she needs to join the discord which she
might already be on if you could I mean
yeah can you join the discord yeah and
then we'll pull you in
what's your name can you ask her her
name what is your discord name this is
the struggle my discord avi I'm in the
thingy should I join the general say yes
tell her yes yes yes you need to be in
release room so that we can drag you in
wait I see you yeah grab grab go wait
Thresh that's their dog okay well that
was not very clear yeah all right now
mute your mic on a Skype oddly yeah you
you need to mute your mic on skype and
then unmute on discord speaking of music
Skype Travis there we go boom I'm good
okay now I have to set up my webcam yeah
why wasn't this done beforehand okay you
know what I had I'm trying to I'm trying
new things
yeah see look this is my setup okay no
we can see you yes hang on now that I
now that you're there I need to switches
over people are gonna really like this I
think I didn't have okay I'll just wait
for you to switch it over I also can't
see right now so you're gonna have to
tell me when things actually happen is
that why I was taking so long is because
people because you can't see yeah I've
you know I'm trying to get used to the
new lifestyle
I've been sick really I use things by
hearing now yeah you like people still
can't see me but they'll be able to a
second you're killing me Travis well
this is what there is there is like yarn
in my eye right now people are gonna be
very confused as to why you're saying
that well I got okay we're pushing live
boom
Kafka also yeah I'm gonna be coughing
probably a lot you can mute your
discolor myself I'm gonna mute myself
when I cough favorite kind of guest the
one who shows up fucked up
coughing ready to go I took a shot at
nyquil people are texting me yeah for
anything for Travis all right let's get
this intro underway Travis okay so
awfully for those that do not know who
you are and I'm not talking about your
cosplay what what who are you what are
you doing Lisa you know I'm just the
biggest Travis cafard fan in the entire
world so I just follow and copy whatever
you do in hopes of one day being as a
eSports as you okay great I also do
interviews for riot at the LCS yeah
great love it coworker probably used to
work with while you join and like the
sub train begins let's I can't see so
you're gonna have to describe everything
at me well no see you guys were wearing
sunglasses when it started so I went to
look for sunglasses couldn't find those
and then you took them off some
conflicted what do I do
I don't know whatever keeps the sub
train going that's what you're gonna I
think my sunglass off because they they
bother me yeah all right we okay so
oddly this is your first time on one of
these opinion oriented shows and you are
I'm guessing a little nervous about
because people say things on these show
they're gonna ask you questions and then
you'll get judged for your response yeah
I have always been terrified of having
an opinion like ever I'm just terrified
that I'm gonna say like something stupid
like oh yeah mix up who he and huni's
name just like on a whim and then boom
boom boom boom she's a fraud eat girl
you know something like that that's what
I I've always been a little terrified
yeah well we'll find out I'll probably
fire I'm not gonna talk to the rest of
the show yeah neither am I
it's just you hosting the show for the
rest of time let us know when it's done
and wall will turn off i'ma call Emily
and we're gonna talk about the seasons
anime okay we're gonna hijack this oh
great yeah hot lies League that's maybe
that'll be the April Fool's joke it's
just
okay um let's see let's keep the sub
train going should we well here before
we get our first caller on novel II what
are you most excited for for the start
of the season the team liquid TSM game
are you kidding me it's just Oh what is
going on there were so many roster
changes that I feel like a lot of fans
are just gonna be completely conflicted
with where does their loyalty now lie
yeah but yeah I'm excited for the TSM TL
game what else is on for this week
I was listening to you guys going
through your predictions I against
popular opinion I guess I I kind of want
to see golden Guardian succeed succeed
there are all American teams so I want
them to beat clutch gaming I know you
said you wanted clutch take the winner I
just say wanna clutch is a prediction
I'm sorry I'm sorry
you thought clutch is gonna take the win
I think golden Guardians is gonna come
in and surprised us all with their I
think the met of their roster is gonna
turn into just this little bubbling
little potential okay I don't know I'm
excited for it nice top to your analysis
the man will turn into this bubbling I
have a theory that the reason you want
them to win is because contracts is a
big weed and you are a big weed okay
let's get our first caller on and while
we get our first caller our mark is
gonna start pulling people actually mark
you want to get people to start putting
questions or have they already been oh
you've got a waiting room going he's
going all right so while he's pulling
that people in I'm gonna go over really
quickly to my dashboard and thanks
several people who have started so
starting with the gaming orange six to
six Lord said
twelve soaring beef dr. Manhattan tour
max of dagger spine and then finally
Poros tan with a $10 donation he says
you need to get by Oh daddy I love the
content I'm happy there's at least one
person who covers League well super rare
in eSports PS follow up on your
interview with bio for us yes he must be
accepted by Oh daddy meme okay there we
go our first caller is Zico Zico where
he come from
I'm calling from the middle of nowhere
Grand Junction Colorado okay
very very cool what what is the weather
you know we like to do the weather map
over the course of the show tell me what
the weather is like in Colorado all
right
so usually in Grand Junction Colorado we
get a lot of snow and I love snow this
year is snow two days for about half an
inch so I'm actually really really
disappointed with the weather yeah sorry
everyone by the way thinks you sound
like Tyler one I've never been told that
really okay yeah and you scream at the
top of your lungs no please no please
please no yeah no I will new to you
that'll be the end of your thing alright
psycho what are your what's your take
for the show today all right so today I
want to talk about how people are
grossly under eighteen hundred thieves
and overrating CLG okay so I have a play
this week there the second day mark
whenever I did my prediction I said seal
G / Hanna thieves but mark was saying
it's a much more hype game than I was
giving it credit for why do you think
hunter thieves presumably you think
hunter thieves can take that game I do
think they can yeah so how well I think
that a higher thieves actually covers up
its weaknesses a lot better than people
give it credit for and those two
weaknesses mostly our me do sombrio
right that's the general opinion um but
if we look at the roster and just how
these players interact with each other I
actually think that media from you are
gonna make a great pair first of all
Neos from Yale actually wants to play
with each other like Wally sports
tweeted out you know their little
interview with media's today he said the
biggest reason I went with honor themes
is because they signed ryu i really
enjoyed playing with ryu on phoenix one
and it's pretty safe to assume that you
know refuse me
feels pretty much the same way so I will
probably get it at least a decent
synergy out of them in the first place
but also these two players have had
motivation issues in the past and I also
think that'll be covered up because in
an interview that you did with him
Travis with Pauly probably said that the
may the first thing he asked me dose was
you know what's your motivation gonna be
this year and then probably said
something along the lines of that he
thinks that meteos is the most motivated
of a new player and also with Rio having
a great history with probably I think
these two players are gonna actually
have a lot more motivation in the
community gives me credit for and
they'll be able to perform at a higher
level than whatever one thinks what if
they like playing with each other
because they both like just hang back
and relax and play video games and chill
and it's actually gonna be the opposite
where the fact that they like playing
with each other and they both have
motivation issues well backfire I
suppose that's possible but these guys
are professional league of Legends
players who've been to World
Championships like they know how to how
to get it done when it when it comes you
know it when it's time to work hard and
so I guess that's a possibility but I
like to give them the benefit of the
doubt and say that they they do know how
to how to work together
I would I would agree with that are you
at all concerned about the bot lane of a
hundred thieves because last year there
was a fair amount of times where 6a and
afro we kind of get themselves killed in
Lane and it would make the game really
really hard for CLG and I would say that
Kody and stick say are close and skill
but given that we haven't seen as much
of Kody at just for the high stake
argument potentially a little worse than
sticks a are you at all concerned of the
bot lane just getting run over sometimes
um their bot Lane I guess is weak
mechanically but aphromoo is gonna be a
great mentor for Kody son and you know
Cody's son he got a lot of flack at
Worlds you know for his anti in Sec play
or whatever you want to call it but if
we think about like his career and how
it started he started on immortals with
ole's as a support like coming
where do you come from like Brazil or
Taiwan uneven wherever you you throw a
dart at a map you probably came from
this yeah so like these two like didn't
really have an opportunity to develop a
mentorship relationship but like you
know aphromoo and cody son will so I
feel like these two we're gonna have a
better opportunity to develop synergy
that will cover up for their mechanical
like this is just simply because
aphromoo is one a great leader in to
those who will already be able to form a
relationship from day one rather than
figure out what that relationship is
going to be as it was with Cody son and
all it mm-hmm interesting early thoughts
I always wondered like with the whole
mentorship newbie afro Cody because they
already both I know like grew with
different teams when you meet and you
join as a new bot Lane does those do
they ever clash or will they just
suddenly go okay here boom Wow I
understand you you understand me now we
have this perfect synergy like the
styles yeah it's funny I was asking 6a
that question and the interview I did
with him that everyone should check out
on my youtube channel where I said you
know do you have you played with afro
who had previously played with double if
now you're playing with bio who is
against double is previous to support
you feel like you have to train these
guys out of any bad habits and he's like
yeah you know it's it's kind of funny
they're more lane oriented and I like
supports that can kind of go off and
just do their own thing or really make
their own decisions on this stuff so
it's just kind of funny seeing how that
works but yeah I mean want to see how
that plays out in the Cody Sun and
aphromoo thing I think it generally just
depends on you know when you hear them
talk about the game and what other
people say about them and how they think
about it I think you can usually see if
there's some play styles differences
potentially for some bot lanes I don't
think that's really the case for the
hundredth use bot lane like Cody doesn't
seem like the kind of guy who's like
pick me things I can't take bad matchups
I need to be the aggressor in the mashup
it doesn't feel like that kind of player
afro very much the same way like I think
that they understand like playing losing
matchups and Cody sometimes they came
back well afro makes a play because all
they was a big rumor as well it's more
just an actual individual
skill thing where there's a lot of
strong bot lanes and can they not die or
get pushed under their turret so afro
can actually go out and make those Rome
plays
so Zika I don't think you even need to
explain why CLG is overrated because I
think it's this kind of self-explanatory
so thanks so much
no I'm just kidding original answers
there's an Lazarus in the chat freaking
out about how I didn't ask you and why
you're there overrated do you why do you
think the team is is overrated on the
CLG side well marks I did a good job of
covering most of it you know they've
they're not really great reignover and
bio frost aren't really gonna be a good
replacement for the shotcalling
that Exmouth e and f remove brought in
their you know in their their time when
they were their strongest team and so
it's really hard I'm having really hard
time agreeing with marks on his
prediction number three in North America
because they lost so much of their
identity that liked it that winning
through teamwork is how darshan who he
and zix have won for the past two or
three years and you take the number one
teamwork
guy on their team after me remove him
and then you also bring in rain over who
all has a proven history of not being
able to lead I just don't think that
this looks like a number three team
so most playing devil's advocate a lot
they are a team with no definite
weaknesses I guess you would say where
they don't have a player who falls in
the bottom half of the league in their
position arguably most of them are top
half of the league players so
mechanically as you met Joe fine they
have a fantastic coaching staff attitude
wise all those guys are people that
everyone speaks up highly for having
positive attitudes and wanting to work
hard and things like that so it is the
kind of thing where I think they have
some work to put in to like make up what
they lost in their shotcalling
but they have all the right tools to
actually improve and do that I think
that actually reignover is doc one of
the best anglers in North America I
don't think he's top five at all he
doesn't have the teamwork
not the team workers you need the the
leadership skills but his mechanics
haven't been impressive over the past
year and a half he at his peak mount
fanatic or maybe a bit on IMT he was a
great rec side Gragas tank jungle player
but whenever he played those on liquid
guinea you know man it should generate
any leads on his own I honestly was not
impressed by his mechanical ability and
he could still have it and you know it's
I guess you could say that a lot of that
was the issues teal had but we I haven't
seen mechanical prowess that made me
think yeah this guy is still top jungler
despite the team use on it I think it's
one of the more contested points by a
lot of analysts is how good will reign
over be and how much of his demise was
the TL you know spacejam during your
powers effect yeah like I thank you so
much for calling in thanks for holding
it down in Colorado hope you guys get
some more snow soon thanks alright
moving on to the next caller
where was I Oh joselow 18 18 18 sub and
trepan 90 gerbil 2013 Jordan a be shark
bait food and blunts comes in with the
two months and then we got crossbow
burrito acent acid and the great Jack
Siri Sept and wishes there could be more
EU talks so hopefully we come up with
some of that oddly by the way you
shouldn't watch look at twitch chat
because these guys they'll just distract
you I read twitch chat but I'm a
fantastic multitask yeah it's you'll
just get caught and then some people say
like ah fleas hair is weird right now
cuz it's caught in the headset which you
don't you don't want to look at those
guys they're distracting okay Corino is
on the calls at how i pronounce it
Carini oh yeah you actually brown
subscribe that's awesome fantastic where
you come from Kentucky alright and
what's going on in Kentucky these days
anything interesting
Derby we've gotten almost the foot of
snow in the last two days all right so
we just write a bit we need to get your
snow to call
we're working on those love that that'd
be wonderful
yeah so what do you want to talk about
in the show today I think that first of
all I think that c9 is not going to make
playoffs and either split maybe they
will get it together by the summer but I
don't think that they're gonna have
anything together they downgraded less
slots let me stop you right there the
idea that like if c9 sucks they're just
gonna sit there with the same team well
hey hey I want to hear the rest of his
ok so ok ok so the playoffs we bring up
I don't know that's the problem is that
like all of the good talent what if
hunter thieves blows dick and then
someday wants to leave and they pick up
Sunday they swap spend for a native
jungler and then boom they got some day
on their team who the fuck knows sorry
Holly
we try to try not to have that language
on this show yesterday we're
family-friendly is Travis should be with
a but hand over button to hot mute me
all right I mean oh that's fair that's
that's absolutely that's a good point
they could pick up somebody I I don't
think that I think the the licorice
criticism is 100% right on I don't think
that I mean I think you could have
picked up a bunch of different top
laners from challenger that would have
been that you know just as good as him
because every time that you in the
challenge early then he went up against
was a gold coin it was one it was one of
the two yeah he got stomped on every
time that he went up against them and
you're gonna put him up against against
impact hooni I mean I just don't see him
performing very well and you know said
that was the best move that TSM made in
the offseason was getting harassed been
scared in my opinion alright that's
based on his world's performance
araignee oh so you've obviously tilted
you've toasted mark enough that he cut
it here I was I was only wanted to chime
in on the idea that the summer Ross
well we okay we eat we haven't even okay
so
you lop that part of the question off
let's yeah let's locks it off so spring
split you think liquorice is gonna be
the downfall seen on it sounds like I
think he's gonna be the most important
the most important part for this uneven
import it's gonna play no no importance
important artist trying to be funny
all right now Travis likes to take a
word and use it incorrectly be like did
you guys get it I used that word wrong
so he's gonna get ready he's gonna be
the most important aspect he's going to
succeed like certain people believe you
will and see how it'll be okay I don't
think that that's gonna happen but easy
they're gonna be the success of the
downfall of the team okay and you think
downfall very clearly yeah okay yeah and
I think they're gonna be pretty good I
think they're gonna be top forward I
think they have the ability to be top
four let me rephrase that
yeah and I think my quest is going to be
last place where's Colin Guardians uh I
don't think they're gonna make playoffs
I think they'll probably be like six
seven eight nine somewhere in there
maybe maybe six at the best but probably
seventh eighth there okay all right
probably what do you think I know that
you followed cloud nine for a long time
well yeah I've just been making facial
expressions this whole time because I
just what triggered me was he doesn't
think CNN's gonna make playoffs period
this year just because of this roster
like even if licorice it's just as
crappy as maybe he thinks he is like
loses an arm amputation or something and
then since Spence Karen as bad as reddit
thinks he is I just don't see how c9 is
gonna get beat by like golden Guardians
wait just a little bit ago you were are
the golden Guardians hi trade they're
gonna be cloud nine they play cloud nine
don't they play them on the second day
or something but no I just don't see
that happening I don't see cloud nine
maybe losing for the first half of the
split maybe it just goes terribly and
they don't make some sort of a change
they don't make some sort I just what
you're so I think everyone agrees
liquorice is a wild card oddly if you
had to make a prediction to where you
don't have to back it up but if you had
to make a prediction on liquorice what's
your guess
does he stick around past the spring
split I haven't seen too many games but
you know what he seems like a sweet
individual and for that I give him my
blessing
no but I think maybe he'll have her I
want to give him like a chance like give
him a few weeks to get settled into
everything but I think he has the
potential to do great okay I think he's
gonna have like a rough time in top lane
but I don't think he's just gonna fall
flat on his face okay he came up to me
as I discussed last week at the New
Year's party introduced himself was a
nice guy so he's got my vote of
confidence Carini oh why won't we say
such awful things about a guy who's so
polite he could be a wonderful person I
don't know I'm not attacking him as a
person I just don't think that he can
stand up against against some of the
other top layers that are out there not
to mention some of the other junglers
that are gonna be hanging his Lane
because he's gonna be a weak link
so to kirino's point he did have a
really night he's challenger regular
season performance and for the most part
pretty good playoffs but then he got
picked apart a little bit in the promo
relegation matches if I remember
correctly so that was a little bit
concerning and I'm not sure I agree on
the spend point though yes if you get
the spend from worlds it's a disaster
but I don't think that's really how good
Sven is and I think it was one of those
things like to happen with smithy where
was like you know what you just need to
to like sever the ties the milk has gone
bad whatever however you want to say
about it like that roster didn't
function correctly anymore yeah yeah and
that that's a hundred percent agree on
that cool well thank you so much cranial
for a very hype conversation any final
thoughts you still are you still
sticking with your cloud9 statement yeah
no no I saw him I mean they could change
it up I don't I will back off a little
bit and I'll say that for spring I don't
think they're making okay okay I mean
you don't have to
go back the great thing is is I mean
you're not an honest person from
Kentucky
you could everyone could be linking this
clip at as c9 fails to make playoffs in
summer right that's when you you don't
back down and then you're right and you
get to spam post this shit yeah Travis a
nice content yeah thanks so much for the
call dude thanks guys yeah nice little
wave Claire Romilly I don't what's it's
my first time Travis could you you know
you could just say I know I like the
wave it was good to do that at the end
of it everyone
Princess Diaries is that from Princess
Diaries yeah yeah what's her name you
vicious freeze Ella
eve mrs. Reese of Dru BC subbed fruity
counter subbed the drizzle 24 and in
grace go subs and says now put me in dad
at Ace I don't know who aces uh poor Oh
Satan or Satan great name by the way
where you calling from
thank you how I'm calling from Syracuse
New York okay so it's kind of you know I
feel like if he'll was frozen over which
you know it was we're poor Oh Satan
would be in a frozen hell Syracuse New
York would be a pretty good example that
what what's your we've had some
controversial opinions so far last one
may be the most what what's your takes
this week I'm going to say that without
a doubt
TSN is not making finals this year
either final yeah either final I I think
that they've gutted too much of the core
team Mike Young is still a bit new to
the playing at the pro level he's only
gone through one better shift and I
think as soon as you get out of the meta
he was in so where it looks like we're
going with more tanks he won't really be
at home anymore
oddly I'm just gonna hand this one over
to you because you did such a good job
with the cloud 9 guy what do you want
you just want me to yell at these ports
I feel like you're trying to make me
like the bad guys like okay Mark's smart
Oh Travis is funny ah Belize just
how do you not think TSM is gonna make
finals they're gonna go for the four
piece I mean III calls me a baby rager
all the time so you're not alone I'm
yelling at people okay okay well hang on
before we get to that so so your main
reasons porous Aden is that they have
changed too much of the main roster do
you have any other assertions before I
unleash they've changed too much and I
think without a doubt that CLG and Team
Liquid are the best teams of the split
okay so but so you think those guys will
make it every time yeah easily
I we might see some stuff come out of
cloud nine but as people kind of said I
think there's gonna be some growing
pains with them I do think they're
looking more towards worlds already but
they'll be growing pains okay so I just
want to point out the idea of changing
too much your roster is a pretty weird
thing to hold against somebody in this
environment when no team has brought
back more than three players and no team
is like that consistent either we're
like some of the groups of three players
are joining new orgs some groups of
players have new coaches with them there
is an unbelievable amount of roster
upheaval this offseason so that feels a
little strange to say they've changed
too much of the core because everyone's
core change for the most part I think
they're changing it in a way where it
just doesn't make sense part of from
what I see of why they got rid of bio
Frost was that he wasn't making the shot
calling that they wanted so their idea
is let's pull in someone that can fill
that role well also change you the team
so much is filling that role doesn't
make sense anymore so I did the
interview with it with Andy where he
talked about this stuff I don't think he
was saying bio for us wasn't doing shock
calling he was saying that communication
between support and jungle is very
important and neither of them were
talking
so I don't think it's so it yeah you're
right I think that they were looking to
up the communication on the support side
but I don't think that they were
necessarily saying bioprocess in a
shot-caller we need a shot-caller sure
yeah I can get that but I think the
replacements that they got are more than
adequate Sven and Miffy are pretty
battle-tested they've been what people
have said is the best bot lane in the
West for the last two years pretty much
in Europe
I know reckless has had his high moments
as well so it's contentious a little bit
but we are talking about one of the best
bot lanes in the West as well as the
fact that in 2016
TSM completely changed their roster as
well and they did struggle for a little
while but as mostly as a result that
yellow start not meshing with the team
and they still made finals that split
though they didn't win so the idea of a
team changing a lot and discovering
themselves is not that foreign of a
concept I just pull I pull into question
T SMS coaching abilities now yes I know
that they just went through and got a
new coach so they are trying to adapt
but I think it's gonna be kind of like
last season's team liquid right but it
didn't just get a coach this isn't like
they they're swinging on wood buck in
charge again or something song is proven
in multiple regions as being one of the
best coaches that's true but if we look
forward to the upcoming weekend I think
that easily Team Liquid would beat TSM
especially for you look at the bot lane
if we put SS against ABC spend I think
doublelift wins easily well I'm not
talking about the first day's matchup
I'm talking about your claim that TSM
won't make a finals all year well
because then if we just look at it if we
put sneaky against ABCs then I think we
got the same situation sneaky wins the
same with 6a versus fen obably
why do you think Sven is so bad oh it
work oh I'll show up after he tells me
why spend is worse than three of North
America
ad carry's I think that they have a very
passive play style in Europe that won't
work well in na which there is a bit of
an irony to it because that's the super
aggressive na ad C is that don't do well
in world so their sin is a good
international ADC but he won't work well
in na awfully well we'll wrap up the
conversation with you do you think that
it's fair to say that TSM well what is
your prediction do they make it to both
finals do they only make it to one and
and you know what do you kind of think
about all this I mean last year they
were very much like oh we're not you
know trying to get first and everything
we just want to come with the worlds and
everything but I think they have a
strong roster I'm I think they'll make
it to finals I don't know who's going to
join them both splits yet both splits
okay very good thank you sir spring will
start with spring everything they're
gonna first place in worlds goodbye
Korea yeah but yeah thank you donation
thank you poor Oh Satan if any letter of
apology or statement of apology oh I see
the twitch chat which is uh not your
biggest fan right now um I guess the
final thing I would say is we shouldn't
just assume that TSM is going to do well
because their TSM we kind of saw that
with a mediocre earnest of CLG over the
past few years
and they are in a hard spot if they have
a target on their back being in first
place for so long they only the only
place they have the goes down yeah
that's that's true or stay exactly where
they've been thank you so much for
saving have a good for literally every
split I mean it's a ball it's predicting
again like this is the fun III will
never I love it when a crazy shit so I
love it argue yeah you're entitled to
your opinion yes by the way and Mark
maybe while you're here to once
that I know that we've tried to do in
the past as try and get people to you
know talk a little bit about you know if
you have any we don't have to just do
predictions because we have Avila on the
show today and I know sometimes we have
questions for loco or statements or
people want to talk about loco about
something here if you want to talk to
Avila about collegiate eSports which is
I know something she's super passionate
about hosting how do you get into all
the stuff content creation whatever you
want to talk to her about - happy to
take some of those calls as well so if
people want to light that up and by the
way as mark goes into grab our next
caller in the subs chat I will say or if
if you were are a sub you do get access
to the sub chat section of discord so if
your sub please feel free to put
questions or statements or thoughts in
that chat as we do check there and it
gives you a little bit of an advantage I
think we you know a little bit less
conversation going on there a higher
chance of getting caught our picked
zilch ours is joining the show right now
still trees where you come from
I'm calling from Richmond Virginia
Richmond Virginia okay which what bold
crazy prediction do you want to make
sense piranhas on a roll right now
I think mom what I think mine is gonna
make a little bit less waves that
everybody okay well maybe we'd like that
the show needs to calm down for a second
maybe I'm feeling that golden Guardians
are gonna be the number one team out of
the gates like the strongest out of the
gates well okay use I mean you you said
it was gonna be a lot less but that's a
pretty bold statement so you expect a
golden Guardians to look to look the
best out of all the teams this let's
play at the game and I have a second
part to that prediction I think they
really play their cards right and
improve at the same rate as everyone
else I think there's a decent chance
that they might get top four okay by the
understood alright so let you make your
argument so why so that's your your
thesis what's your supporting evidence
so when I look at golden Guardians
roster
Laura Lowe contracts hi definitely in
that I see a lot of like what I think of
like moldable players I see like a lot
of wet clay and I think that hi his best
environment is when he's surrounded
by players that it can really influence
to do what he wants and kind of enact
his game plan without much second
thought and I think there's enough like
rookie power and players that in a lot
of situations have been those players
for their team that they can fill that
role which will push them out to the
same start that he had on fly quest last
year but I also think there's a lot more
potential talent on the squad so I think
if they improve at a decent rate they
have a they have a place among the top
four that one's definitely reaching but
I think it might be possible hmm roughly
you you're the resident golden Guardians
height man
Flavor Flav people just think that okay
I'm not like saying that golden
Guardians gonna take first and
everything I want to see them she could
Travis I got this Travis I got zilch
Erza's I'm just saying that I would like
to see them succeed and yes I'm a little
biased because I know a lot of the
people on there are a bunch of weaves
but I think they're gonna take off
getting up a split do you think that
they will look the strongest I'm just
curious how much you're willing to align
with zilch errs here well still choose
to clarify his point was that they would
start the hottest oh yeah the thing then
they would end up top force not like
they were the best yeah of course yeah
yeah I'm just saying do you think do you
so there you go awfully do you think
that they will start the strata hottest
and then and then it's a LAN top four I
don't think that's sad to say but
there's no way that they're gonna be
what TSN tio etc but um dogs I think
they're gonna lose what documented here
first that I was the only one right out
of all that's gonna win five on Twitter
posted on your Facebook but I do think
that they're gonna surprise us because I
know a lot of people just don't expect
too much for it from it people are
placing it like the bottom of their
rankings but I think we're gonna
surprise us okay I'm very open to be
proven wrong
with a fly quest esque spring split
where they were at points challenging
for number one early on and then they
dropped down to seventh before rounding
out making the playoffs and upsetting
somebody and getting fourth place I
could see a world that's close to that
I'm not sure I'm ready to buy and quite
as hard where they're gonna get fourth
but I think a lot of the same strengths
are there were they you know moon and
high ended up working well together and
stuff like that maybe contracts and how
I work well together like they did in
Challenger and they don't have to about
language barrier and everyone's been in
the scene a fair amount like even though
they're all young definitely as the
youngest the other guys have all played
for multiple years so it's not like
they're really rookies or anything so I
could see a world where they they find
their groove the fastest still oh go
ahead go star I also think that the main
reason I say that they can get top four
because when I look at everybody but I
feel like it's a pretty decent just flat
upgrade from fly quest I think that Matt
all those he's had his struggles or is a
much stronger mechanical player than the
elimination was last year I think
definitely has a lot of potential
I think Laurel oh is that is really high
moments that we've all seen how great
contracts is but I suspect we'll
probably be more on the level that moon
was on at the start of last spring split
but that's really the whole basis this
is really nothing more to the top four
argument then player upgrades and they
have plenty of cheese to back it up so
who so sorry who's your top four and if
you mentioned this I just want to review
it so who your top four is golden
Guardians and who are the other three uh
go Gordon Guardians definitely number
four if they make it
I think TSM will eventually get there
maybe I am a little bit of a naysayer
for TSM I think they'll definitely be
there at least by summers blue so you
think do you think there's a chance to
guess I might not make top four in
spring now that it's a hit back to me
probably not no they probably will
you're you just don't want to go the
record with that
he's hoping for yeah they've had the
three-peat man I don't know if I can bet
on that
okay I'll put them at number three just
because of my cynical attitude okay um I
think cloud nine is definitely there I
think they're a little bit slept on
I think Jensen is a beast and I do not
ever believe in super team so I'm
actually going to put CLG up there as
well so Team Liquid performs below goal
and Guardians is your prediction yes
okay sorry
don't apologize to him he doesn't care
about your opinion trust me I know yes
vultures thank you so much I think you
know my opinion golden Guardians won't
get relegated that's my prediction for
those guys I think I think they're gonna
be safe you can both be right thank you
thank you so much for the call and for
your bold prediction hope things go well
on Virginia thank you
all right getting in the next the next
call so I had a couple things
nem sikri subbed at the $9.99 tier I
think he's the only he or she sorry is
the only person at that tier by the way
so thanks to them apologies if I'm
forgetting anybody else says I love you
all
donkey pant punched Dan Rhee subbed and
then an opt FM fan donated $10 and said
awfully what's that work you like that
name donkey punch - yeah you like that a
lot
I just I was trying to gloss over it I
didn't want opt SF and donated $10 and
said Allah is the best guest you've had
with her mad takes and babyrage she
should host sorry Travis I'll also have
done my own power rings and I can tell
you why TL is overrated and c9 is
underrated also I'm surprised by these
hot takes that are just bad that's a
long message let's keep it short in the
future thank you so much for your
support
Opie TSM fan gerbils on the show I feel
like you've been on before gerbil on my
crazy not on this show but like when you
had the talk show with Emily and Kelsey
I did a bunch of questions that's right
okay thank you so well good to have you
back good to hear from you for the first
time are you calling from
I am from actual boonies I am from the
Iowa the middle of Iowa there's a
competition on this show for some reason
between all the people that live in the
middle of nowhere and and they all try
to figure out what the town's population
is even lower than yours yeah for all
the time I like twenty five hundred and
I live in town I'm surrounded by
cornfields okay how many people were in
your graduating class Oh 48 48 okay
that's less than 200 at my high school
okay all right all right well I am
excited to find out what living in the
middle of nowhere with so few people
have inspired in terms of opinions and
thoughts not from you because I think
it'll be good I'll get to watch linear
content because there's nothing to do
but my people should this part even in a
world where there's everything to do
people should watch my country gerbil
what's your thought your take so
basically my take was about golden
Guardians I'm a little afraid we're
gonna get a breaking point 2.0 because I
know it sounds really weird and like I
want the team to do really well but the
problem is is there's just so much hit
or miss on that team there's a lot of
sort of unproven stuff and you get
personalities like hi who is like let's
be real he's he's loved the drama all
the time like in medias always fought if
you've ever seen a video like Claude and
I used to post them there were videos of
like hi and lemon and they were like
borderline screaming at each other and
then you throw loco into the mix like oh
man
that's that's kind of fun to think about
so Macarius is how well you guys think
that roster role mesh and if they'll be
able to do anything because I mean
there's some promise there like the year
of Lulu contracts was really good but
sometimes he had some really little lows
and can high reach his level and is
definitely gonna be any good I don't
know same with Matt I like a twitch at
bending point like yeah that's good I
could see a conflict between loco and
and high but that's the only point of
tension I really see cropping up like
the issues in breaking point we're we're
largely surrounded by piglet dyrdek and
loco specifically more loco and our doc
and while hi is someone who people argue
and he's not the type to back down he
can get heated he's probably a little
prideful I don't think it's to the
degree that dar doc has been where he's
been kicked off three teams I think
there's there's a degree of separation
between those two guys I mean we should
we should've gone to Avila first because
this is your chance to defend golden
Guardians sure is this what this has
become now so your point was just you
think that there's gonna be a lot of
drama surrounding it just with Loco hi
I don't yeah he said breaking-point 2.0
because hi as high as always super
opinionated and he's like he's always
been like this is the way things are
should be and loco is the exact same way
and Derrick had that issue with where he
would start defending Laura or Matt or
something like that
and loco would kind of be like tall
whatever he start rolling his eyes and
stuff when I was just kind of curious as
hi you think I'll be kind of like that
or I think I would be higher loco would
be smart enough to tolerate each other
for long enough to be able to recognize
a problem and then maybe fix it I feel
like breaking point just covered so much
or over such a long period of time that
it was just all of this build-up that
people were finally ready to go for the
throat or something but I I don't think
we're gonna get a breaking point to
point I don't think that's never gonna
happen again not publicly at least I I
mean I hope I hope it happens I'd love
to see Breaking Point 2.0 but a gopher
weren't you one of those people who was
like this isn't good for no I was the
only person that supported it on eSports
like Hunter was talking about how
terrible it was by the way that's why
you won't get breaking-point 2.0 Hunter
the guy on eSports and shelled at my old
show that used to talk about how
terrible of an idea breaking point to
breaking point was is now the guy
running golden Guardians so you're not
gonna get that but at least a document
in version of it I will say that when
the announcement came out I don't think
I've said this publicly loco and high
are two very very big personalities that
are very confident in their own opinion
and I do think if there is going to be
tension on golden Guardians or any
issues that occur it'll be because those
two butt heads a lot
so I'm I think yes that that is you have
correctly identified at least in that
way durable the potential issue with
that roster in that lineup right and and
I think it's the kind of thing where if
it gets to the meteos high level of
arguments where one of them needs to be
replaced you could see a breaking point
esque type of like break down the team
but who knows if it gets there and we'll
have to see all right I know loco is
pretty adamant that he's matured a lot
since then because that was almost a
year and a half two years ago though I
mean yeah that's a good question i I
think yeah you it's easy to say you're
mature until suddenly you're in that
argument with somebody and nothing
against him I'm sure he's a great coach
no but even on your the show last week
he could see him getting a little
argumentative with some of the callers a
different environment than a team thing
yeah we're supposed to be dicks yeah did
you see everybody thought Ollie was the
nicest person till that person insulted
cloud9
and then she got very argumentative like
very good I mean yeah I think we'll have
to see I will have to see I don't I
don't think breaking point but I do
think that there maybe are some issues
for : Guardians thanks so much
herbal for calling in yeah thanks
looking forward to your content thanks
pretty pretty reasonable opinion I think
to point out that people have been a
little too positive on golden Guardians
yeah probably if you had to predict a
team to implode this split who would you
predict I don't know I have to look over
everyone again I go Fox is a correct
answer
yeah it's trying to be so polite yeah
yeah I mean how many teams has he been
on you know you don't even say that name
alright it's just I well one thing I was
gonna bring it up when he was talking a
lot of the times when you have two big
personalities bumping heads
I think teams have gotten better about
getting like mediators or people's likes
like not psychological coaches or you
know someone to help facilitate group
discussion yeah I think that's a pretty
important thing to have and I think a
lot of teams are picking them up yeah
yeah well we'll have to see I mean I
think teams have claimed to have that in
the past and then if shit still goes
down so yeah yeah all right feats has
subscribed feed and troll has subs
sculpted soldier frag baits light and
zan zan 31 thanks so much you guys for
the subs really appreciate how's it
going AJ is on the show is this the
aging it's been on the show previously
he's a sour yes
AJ welcome back I feel like you had a
different skype name previous or dis
coordinated previously no okay all right
AJ were you calling from again Canada
Canada oh yeah but isn't it kind of
pretty big I feel like you gave us some
more it's really good I think
who tried avoiding like pinpointing
where he was hey J what's your what's
your take what's your opinion looking at
I did my own at all just looking at the
teams and I kind of write to myself and
I've been looking at other people's
rankings and I see a lot of people a lot
of people like yslow but no one's
playing him last and I don't really
understand why because roster I just
kind of like there was something a lot
of no names on here for the most part I
feel like flame is their best player he
was in my mind like a bottom half top
laner and then he was elevated to top
half in the summer split so he might be
good but it depends on whether he can
keep up that summer level and then and
I'd like never even heard of it my had
to look him up and apparently as far as
I know he was just like a good like
soloqueue player and career or something
like that I don't I don't know I mean so
like you don't have all that transitions
and then I don't live is just a good
or challenger series and I'm not
confident wildturtle can carry them
stunts okay I don't know there's just no
firepower or anything it just seems like
a very yeah yeah so questionable so
you're questioning fly quest did you say
that you're putting them tenth what I
saw your mic tied up we got I think we
got a little bit of lag on your end okay
when you're cutting out you said that
there are tenth yeah yeah I haven't
touched okay all right Avila or mark
either one you guys want to disagree
with that assessment or a green I would
like to disagree I don't think they'll
be 10th and this is partially more of
like I don't think I have great great
like convincing evidence for a while be
this way but I do have a lot of faith in
their coaching staff and maybe it's a
little misplaced but rapidstar has coach
for SKT I believe it was rng it might
have been dbg but he was a coach for
them as well he's always been coaching
for successful teams Robert yep from
immortals who people say is really good
is there and then you're getting a
please thing was that from probably yeah
anyways I feel like though the coaching
combined with I think flame is pretty
good I think he's more like his summer
split self andhe who is true wrong and
stunts don't particularly impress me fly
is also like he feels like a really big
team player and if the team isn't like
doing well I don't think he'll carry and
then like you said while terrible is not
a bunch of firepower so I don't have
enough confidence to say they're gonna
make playoffs but I do think that the
coaching staff and what seems to be a
relatively easy going roster in terms of
personality should mean that they'll
find a groove and maybe they never do
and they do end up tenth but I have more
faith in them to do that than some of
these other teams yeah yeah
yeah that's fair I guess I mean I I
don't know I it just seems like when I
look at the other teams like the two
teams that are like the closed system
just ahead are gold and go
an optic to me and while neither of
those teams look great either I see both
of them seem to have a little bit more
star power like guys who could
potentially just you know light about an
over like I look at golden Guardians and
I see contracts and maybe even hi you
know that both these guys have been good
and contracts recently good and then
with optic I mean POV has had these good
moments and I think people are selling a
kitty and a little bit short so both
those teams I feel like have like
potential guys that could maybe do
really well words with Phi Quest flame
is pretty much the only guy I see that
might have a chance to do well other
than that I just don't see any where
anything could happen for them yeah I
think that's it's fair I think like the
couple teams who are battling for like
will they be tenth or like a
bottom-of-the-barrel playoff team like
you said with flack West Golden
Guardians optic and even to an extent
echo fox like III think it's hard to
pick out of them exactly how that order
shakes up and and maybe I'm putting too
much faith in the coaching staff to find
a play style that fits this team very
good thank you so much AJ really
appreciate the call sorry trying to
rotate pretty quickly because only gets
more people in and mark and and I are
looking for people who want to talk to
all the way about any of her specialties
as well collegiate and otherwise her
role on the job podcast is considerably
can you talk a little bit just I want to
see your how your Mike's doing yeah yeah
no there's this little bit it's a little
bit of static I think it might have been
your hair brushing against the
microphone or something I'm not sure so
I'll just shave my head really fast
thank you can you get it just an
undercut an undercut would be good to
what you know undercut is like the cut
the side
GJ bird is joining us bird where you
calling from I am also a injunction
Colorado really firm yes my psyche and I
are actually pretty good friends and
love East ports so okay well then yeah
we're we're homies um also he doesn't
rage like tower one but he plays a
pretty mean Draven so alright whatever I
don't care about your friend let's get
into the point what do you got for a
third
I wanted to talk about a little bit with
collegiate eSports and the n-c-double-a
which basically oversees all other
varsity sports in colleges and
universities across the u.s. um this can
kind of sound like a boring topic to
people who don't really pay attention to
him well it's really really nuanced um
and has a lot of room for just to glaze
over but I think as collegiate eastwards
keeps rising as we've seen with Robert
Morris in programs like that being
welcome welcomed by riot and invitation
was that NC let's see the voice
shouldn't get involved in collegiate
eSports for a couple of reasons so first
of all I just want to go over
fundamentally what the NCAA is trying to
do and all the other major sports in the
US if you look at you look at football
if you look at baseball if you look at
basketball what they what they pretty
much do is they broadcast it on
traditional sports broadcasting
basically on TV networks like ESPN CBS
NBC stuff like that which isn't where
eSports fans usually watch League of
Legends because it's not on traditional
television and in fact when it's on
traditional television there's usually a
lot of backlash against it so with
platforms like Twitter I don't think
that NCAA should get involved with that
and ruin a good thing that right has
going and moving on just I wrap it up
soon because I I want to I want to get
to your point yeah so basically the NCAA
will want to monetize it which I don't
think right would let them do also when
you look at people who are streaming on
Twitch financial rules with NCW
financial compensation I don't think are
really compatible with these sports
because if people want to stream our
good players at the collegiate level and
receive financial compensation for it I
think that they should be able to in
like those are a couple reasons that I
think NC double-a shouldn't give them
off with college eSports but there's a
bunch more so your general argument is
fuck the NC double-a that's not it's not
it's not like screw the NC double-a the
NC double-a has done a lot of good stuff
I just think that they should ruin it
good okay
oddly now's your time to shine
yeah ecology sports you never let me
talk about it I totally understand and
agree with what you're saying about the
n-c-double-a I've heard a lot of that
about the same two eSports is my jam I
actually know nothing about the sports
world so everything that I've heard
about the n-c-double-a husband about
people saying don't let it get involved
in college eSports I mean speaking to
trying to put it on like TV or trying to
put it on ESPN there's been like random
bits of successes like if you look at
the college hears of the dorm scene they
ended up putting like a really dumbed
down version of here's of the storm on
the ESPN broadcast I'm like one of their
random ones and it did like okay not not
that great to where they put it on
Facebook the next year but I think riots
doing a better job with partnering with
these conferences and trying to get in
with the administration's for college
eSports and trying to build kind of like
an infrastructure within all of these
amazing universities so that it's not
just like these tokens are mu schools or
things that are just popping up to be
eSports just so they can say hey we're
eSports I went a little bit on a tangent
just forgot but yeah I won so I know
mark you're more of like a sports fan so
maybe you have an opinion on that
from the n-c-double-a side specifically
for people liking or disliking it
basically boils down to a lot of people
feel like the NCAA is a very greedy
corporate machine exploiting people and
basically suppressing their ability to
make money for the sake of college
sports a lot of these players are people
who can compete at the pro level they're
being artificially hamstrung so that
they can't and it buys time for the
colleges or whoever to make money off
people who who don't really get anything
in return other than a free ride to a
school that they're never gonna graduate
for them because they're gonna go pro or
something so there's a lot of negative
opinions of the NCAA with regards to
like big major sports I'm not sure
how people feel where the density is and
something more like swimming or tracker
all those other events yeah I go to a
vision to school so I think the
n-c-double-a has done a lot of good
things both in regards to financial
compensation I feel as though when you
look at people who stream and eat sports
personality is that stream and get money
and advertising revenue like the NCAA
wouldn't let a guy play football at a
university because his YouTube channel
had so many subscribers and he was
getting ad revenue off it so they won't
let him playing I feel like that's not
fair to athletes specifically in eSports
if they were to get involved and I feel
like you'd shut down a lot of potential
there so yeah I thought I'd heard so I
admittedly it was very ignorant about
what the announcement was around all the
stuff I was just aware that it was
happening is I've been kind of
distracted by the NA LCS coming in but
my understanding was that the
partnership was more was safer and was
sort of a did a good job of addressing a
lot of people's concerns about all this
so I'm not sure like how many agreements
there are the n-c-double-a in collegiate
programs but if they were to I take the
ultimate step but to overseeing it like
they do traditional sports yeah
then I I definitely think that that'd be
a problem well one thing I can guarantee
you is that right it's never going to
give a complete control over anything
that they do for better or worse and in
this case it sounds like it's for better
so they're never gonna be like here you
go in CWI do whatever you want because
they just they have too much of a desire
to control the final product and I think
that's a big compliment NC Double A to
because they there are in the end want
to monetize it like the final four in
the college football playoff yeah I mean
I don't think right will care if they
monetize it right like even whe whenever
Yahoo ran a collegiate show with Riot we
were looking at ways to monetize it but
I I think I'm not too worried too
worried about it yet I guess is what I
would say but your your point of
bringing up concerns further I think
affair Thank You GJ Burton
thanks for having me on guys yeah good
night thank you for talking you do
sports yeah and thank you for having
salient points oh you're welcome
yeah all right so it looks like we've
got about five more callers and 30
minutes to do it in so let's see what we
can do
oh I didn't realize we had that time
time well we we can go over a couple
minutes but generally this shows like
two hours long all right do you want
Emily next vid you want me to continue
on with like the proper or who do
whatever you want to do mark no you tell
me
okay Emily J waking I said what is going
on with you are you losing your voice
what okay you just use you've been
whispering J waking the subt Parker
Emily if you're watching you need to
unmute discord stuff I'm not done yet
Emily wait Emily is here your darker
eight one seven a sub and we have 30
minutes to get there five caller these
subs these subs are the backbone of this
show I need to pay rent
unstrap a sub thank you so much next up
we've got Emily calling in to the show
where you calling from Emily
I'm calling from Los Angeles California
well really how long have you lived
there since last year around this time
and what's the what's the weather what
come here it's I guess chilly for LA but
super warm for me because I'm from
Boston and I don't know I'm still not
used to having like no weather yeah very
good well what would you like to talk
about on the show today
um someone actually just brought this up
in twitch chat but this is my show
submitted previously which is what do
you guys think I know we talked about
this a little bit on League Weekly
initially when franchising was discussed
but what do you guys think about the
possibility that any LCS will consider
geo relocation in the future especially
given what is going on in the LPL right
now with three teams already having
home stadiums where they will be having
home and away games with the LPL and
then obviously I know a lot of people
are looking at the way overwatch League
managed to organize viewing parties in
different cities trying to bring in
local fans already from the get-go so do
you do you guys think they're keeping
their eye on that and do we think it
would ever be a feasible thing for na
probably you brought Emily here you can
answer the question it was really hoping
for a question about citrus or anime
what holy shit what is citrus and anime
are you it doesn't matter let's talk
about franchising and all these
wonderful locations I think I think
definitely watching to see how overwatch
works would be a great thing for right
if they're trying to consider it because
I mean there's your experiment without
having to experiment I would be
interested in seeing different like
having LCS over different locations like
what they're doing with LPL but with the
players be happy I don't think they
would which this citrus is an anime
about gay girls that's not true called
lesbians and it is and yeah I don't know
why you're denying that I'm not saying
it's not
oh you mean oh yeah okay mark what's
your opinion I didn't watch it I'm
talking about League oh it's I would not
want to be like the first mover on this
I think the idea of pairing teams up
with cities just to like try to
incentivize fan bases and stuff even if
it's slightly artificial I don't hate
the idea I don't think I'd want to like
rebrand all the teams quite like they do
for overwatch and then it depends how
far the overwatch League is going like
I've heard that what they're gonna do is
they're gonna have like weeks of
competition
different geo-located places so like
they'll do three weeks here and then
like three weeks in London in three
weeks in Korea and whatever and so I
guess I start getting more hesitant on
the idea of like moving the show around
due to logistical issues with broadcast
maybe you have a studio at all the
studio at all those locations but then
like you said the players are not gonna
want to travel that often so you'd have
to like a couple weeks out of place it's
it's the kind of thing where you know it
doesn't feel necessary so we can watch
other people try it and if it's going
well emulate yeah I think overwatch
League is probably two years out from
this at least and my suspicion is and
what I think right should do if they
just had to go this route is you split
East Coast West Coast and then you and
so you've got two studios and you have a
studio in New York and you've got a
studio in LA and you have half your
teams there and half your teams there
and then you somehow do some sort of
meetup thing or whatever then you
eventually create a north and a south
and an east and west so maybe Chicago
and Austin and you kind of expand that
way and that's how you slowly start to
geolocate but I I just don't I do not
see a world where in the near future
where overwatch League or na LCS is
going to have you know twelve different
stadiums all over and you've got the
teams traveling it's just not we're not
there yet
Chinese experiment is so interesting
because you do have three teams that
already have home venues split with oMG
snake and LGD
so if anyone is interested you can look
to see how that ends up working out for
for those three teams yeah the rest of
the games are played in Shanghai at the
old place when you have over a billion
people
I think stuff starts to change you know
well I'm very excited to see how that
works it'll be cool I think that any
fans need to like take how to be fan
lessons from the Chinese fans because
they are absolutely crazy and I love
and they have all of these wonderful
signs they don't all just say like free
Tyler one they have like pictures of the
players and like everything is still
like finger painted like hand drawn and
perfect and I want more Chinese fans all
right color one has been free what's
left yeah what are the signs gonna be
easy
I hope I hope it's all just free Tyler
one still like he's all stars the
Chinese fans were just rushing
everything and there was people who from
China to come watch all stars here just
I thought they were the only ones that
came to watch all stars alright thank
you so much Emily for your call
I'm sure I'll see you at LCS this
weekend there's literally the rest of
your lives to talk about anime okay not
on this show all right you kick her out
shitless
jeez Travis you're aggressive listen
we've got 22 minutes uh I was promised
anime I'm just gonna say that merge and
lanes merging lanes has sub thinking
merging lanes
we're not time traps we have to go we
have to go to the next caller yeah
Oh already Jesus chuckles Jim the call
how's it going shotgun where you calling
from
I'm doing good calling from Youngstown
Ohio it's pretty cold here
Youngstown oh I think our second no so
the other person was from Iowa I get all
those states mixed up so what do you got
for a shotgun so I had a couple of
things the the big thing that I had was
I think golden Guardians was pretty
crazy for signing locodoco
with the team that they had because Matt
and Laura Lowe seem to have a pretty
negative relationship with loco and I
think the quote that I I think the court
I had earlier was you got to be Loco to
sign the doko are you looking for
applause after that these guys just
groan when I make those types of jokes
oh don't it don't you don't need to pass
the applause there when you said you're
looking for a quote I thought you meant
like literally someone else had said
that
loco yeah I think somebody else has said
that in the past cuz I I feel like I
don't I don't think I made that up but I
did they are taking credit for it yeah
well thank you for that joke so your so
your main thing is scolding Guardian
student of sign like edokko and you
waited till the show where he wasn't on
to call and to say this I missed the
other show cuz I actually wanted to talk
to him about that I missed it and I felt
super bad okay
alright so uh you think is it entirely
because of the lokes are the lower low
and matt relationship yeah and also I
think high in high in loco are just both
big personalities that might clash but I
feel like high is more agreeable than
loco is like even on the stream I did
catch some of it on YouTube loco is kind
of abrasive at times so I feel like that
might be an issue
yeah so the previous caller brought this
up but I think we decided that you know
you can shouldn't judge people by how
they behave on the show brings out the
worst in people very clearly but yeah I
mean I so chill isn't it standard reason
that Matt and Laura Lowe were aware that
loco Doka was going to be part of the
team or that they could have consulted
Matt do you think that this happened in
a vacuum where suddenly like loco toca
shows up on the team and Matt and Laura
are on the team and they're like whoa
what crazy to bump into you here no I
don't think it's quite like that but I
do think that it's very possible that
like as players they're just thinking oh
we can move on go to a new situation
maybe things will be different and I
just don't know how true that I'll end
up being if you get what I'm saying okay
I mean I think I assume that this was
that at least there was a discussion
right that if these guys didn't have
that great of a relationship this would
have been brought up before they built
the roster though who knows LCS teams do
crazy shit but I I guess I I think as we
kind of discussed earlier loco
I identified as local high but loco is a
risk given his past experiences hey did
you have a chance to see sorry to plug
my stuff again I actually don't meet at
this time to shill but did you happen to
see my interview with loco last year at
the end last year um the one on moving
day no I missed most of the moving day
interviews so I think you know I am very
skeptical of loco in most situations but
I will admit I was a little surprised at
his the way he handled that interview
inside of the stuff he kind of confessed
to and then you know the way that he
said he's looking to grow and change
himself as a coach and it has it makes
me feel like things will be a little
different and I I don't worry too much
about Matt and Laura low when it comes
to loco because I don't feel like from
watching breaking point that they were
the main you know if there was any
conflict between those two and loco it
felt like it was more you know run off
from the dock stuff so that's what I'm
not concerned about it you know I don't
know if I've Lear or Mark wanna chime in
on this at all but no I mostly agree
with what you were saying that I think
loco has become a more tolerable boy
that's going to come out wrong he is
more tolerant of disagreements and
arguments so I think I say he's become
more tolerable and I think I would GCU
and stuff like that working with younger
players was something he enjoyed as well
as he's had some better and presences on
that team as well so I think that was a
good time for him and I'm gonna guess
that after GC you didn't make it into
the else yes and all that they probably
had good things to say about him
otherwise if like that time was an
abomination or anything like it was
during his time on Team Liquid I don't
think that they would like be like hey
golden Guardians locodoco was like an
awesome coach and you should hire him or
something I'm sure most of those guys
had positive things to say about him and
I hope they did their due diligence yeah
you know that would make sense
hey thanks so much shotgun and did you
have any other anything else you want to
throw out there before you
you depart um yeah I think there is
gonna be at least one team that's super
gonna regret not picking up froggen I
think he's the best mid without a team
right now yeah but what if he is he the
best mid is he betterment than any of
the other mid laners right now um
arguably Ryu at least in lane I would
say hmm cuz cuz I honestly didn't feel
like Ryu was a super strong pickup for
100 thieves and they're kind of my team
because I live near Cleveland I'm a big
Cavs fan so mark you were talking
earlier a little bit about p1 any
thoughts on the idea that froggen might
be better than Rio that's really hard to
say I'm not particularly hot on either
of them I know probably has first-hand
experience with ryu and probably knows
he can like reach him in some level and
i think ryu and spring was better than
froggen was ryu and summer was worse
than froggen was froggen hasn't won much
of anything in the past three years I
think he's still perfectly fine as an
individual but doesn't play the game and
quite like the right way to be a winner
so if I can understand probably's
perspective of I'd rather take something
I know that can work with and hopefully
he was just demotivated and burnt out
and hated his life and it was like a bit
of a more of a depression situation than
like literally becoming a bad player
versus froggen who you just don't think
can be a strong carry because I can't
imagine medius and frogging getting
along or something yes as Mark said
hopefully he hated his life as the
reason he didn't play well not um
generally I was unaware of the the
prolly Ryu like no like having previous
experience and then I had one last thing
and that was just how much did you take
champion pull into account on your Power
Rankings mark because I feel like
especially like with afro move being
like a super engag support and with all
the engage supports being super matter
right now I feel like that really takes
100 thieves up a tick I didn't really
factor meta in super hard it's
the kind of thing that usually
fluctuates a fair amount sometimes it
doesn't sometimes it does like we had a
whole spring split of utility flat armor
pen we file the ad carry's you know
maybe we end up with these kinds of
supports maybe they nerfed our gongs
pretty heavily because it's getting
abused super fucking hard in the bot
lane right now and then melee supports
fall off more back to karma lulu stuff
who knows well well the reason I was
thinking about it is just like
aftershocks on a life type carries his
3rd supports especially I feel like are
super strong like even like something
stupid like Sion support because it
engages really well could be interesting
I mean people are playing allowi and
once that's an option who the fuck knows
right no shotgun thank you so much for
coming on the show appreciate it no
problem SIA yeah and I think yourself by
the way thank you so much for subbing
yes the problem
whoo all right we got just a couple more
colors left obably how you doing you
holding in there I know we talked about
you only being on here for a little bit
so I'm I just want to check in make sure
you're doing all right I'm good I was
just worried about my voice but I can
talk so yeah very good all right we'll
get I was promised anime though so were
you you you said I could talk about
weird stuff what where's you I'm gonna
go back through my chat records yeah I
don't think that's true I feel like I
need to check this out - yeah now I'm
gonna go look through it all right we
got risen Lazarus the legend yeah
returning after his ranty argument with
Kelby Lazarus thank you very much for
for being a sub where I think though did
you suffer or did somebody else give to
the thought of forced me to be a so yeah
Viper's and Lazarus it was good having
you on the show all right thank you much
for Havok biggest sub vehicle is
donation what where are you calling from
again you're like Washington DC right DC
alright what do you what do you want to
talk about this time
so I don't have as boring of a topic
this time um my main point and this is
mostly I guess remark and oddly not
Travis is that I think Team Liquid you
know a lot of the one people were
announcing roster changes and everyone
so double lives coming Oh impact
something people started throwing the
words you know God roster or you know
packed team are they taking all the
talent whatever whatever
I think the rosters slightly overrated I
still think that people are right that
they're probably topped to I don't think
they're number one and I think a lot of
the reason why they're overrated is
because season five CLG which everyone
says oh it's three of the players and
they're just bringing them over and they
want it nice they want any OC yes a lot
of people don't realize see soon I was
looking awful and everybody in season
five was really really bad so that
rosters a little bit in my opinion
obviously huge co-chief and I think that
Russ is a little bit overrated because I
think it's also slightly overrated
hey man didn't you see them go to MSI
and perform how do you justify that yeah
but that wasn't the same you mean the
2016 MSI SKT etcetera etcetera yeah I
mean they only swapped out SS right at
that point it was yes he did not come in
yet they were splitting so yeah so I
mean I think a lot of maybe maybe you're
different but a lot of CLG fans I feel
like just kind of lump that golden arrow
what's that gonna fake a CLG fans who
you come in at the same time
Lazarus Lazarus love I love TSM Blazers
like so Tony's is the biggest CLG fan
ever and he's like oh yes the one event
that they had major international
success at oh yes I know the roster for
that well I think it speaks more to his
point if we're going back to that that
the the season 5 CLG get those hang up
emojis in the twitch chat right mark
that it was my fault I agreed ya know
there was more change and I think I
remembered because I feel like I don't
know why in my head though that era just
sits together because they want to
titles and mmm but it is pretty
different and I actually agree that like
season 5 there were a lot of weak teams
if you just look at like the even like
the mid and bottom of the barrel teams
this year or like who will be the bottom
of the barrel teams there's so much
better than the talent that we had back
then who were you know the bottom of the
barrel and I think the top is much more
contentious now as well the only thing
that I struggle with is that a large
portion of that potentially overrated
season 5 CLG team went on to contest the
number one spot with TSM last split so
I'm not quite sure I'm ready to buy in
on it's completely overrated though I do
think that was an era that was much
easier to play it I unfortunately have
to someone agree with risen Lazarus I
think some might recall that last week
there was a conversation about Olien
double if synergy I made the infamous
Shake Shack prediction about Olli and
doublelift having a synergy issues and
did you where you didn't see last week's
episode did you oddly so double if to
not only go into Shake Shack well
they've never been there before
doublelift orders for them we go outside
we wait food comes out only upset the
double if to not get him french price
and then and then well they kept
bringing it up through the whole meal
so there's definitely communication
issues there does that communication
issue that's a doublelift issue how do
you not order him fries you get fries
whenever you get a burger that's a
fundamental issue
I shared my fries with LA but he still
wasn't happy it's it's the thought you
know not that heating half fries Fincham
bench him is there anything else to say
in let's call where's the way out of
this when I was ran he got exposed I
told my story
yeah I exposed myself more than anything
don't expose yourself on this show I
don't want to get TOS trying to get
sponsors all right thank you so much
Lazarus for calling him we'll have to
see if TL is overrated or not I mean
they're still probably going to be in
the finals it's just that this is the
worst call ever then you're like you
know they're overrated they're still
gonna be the finest team we're saying
they're gonna be some sort of rule
system I haven't in my opinion of
teamliquid goes the world's there's no
way they'd leave groups because I think
all of their players accept all they are
pretty much known quantities so you're
making so you're boldly saying that a
North American team won't make it out of
groups in January of that year that's my
cue to reach prediction you know this is
just everyone with everything that
everybody says about DC you know drain
the swamp that's what I got you know I
understand thank you so much for your
call risen Lazarus Travis we got five
minutes all right he's gone we got two
more calls I have to admit I was wrong I
went back through the chat records you
did not say I could talk about anime I
think I put that into my own mind
juh juh deck has served instead of Amon
affinity thank you for that what before
we get the next caller what would you
say about anime novel II hear wolves TM
thank you so much for calling on the
show where he called from Spokane
Washington okay very good I think their
first Washington normally we get a lot
of people from Washington but probably
get a lot more from Seattle yeah yeah
I'm just saying first Washington caller
of the night yeah congratulations it's a
great honor you pissed Oman on you it's
just so special what what what is your
what's your assertion and your position
what are you going for tonight all right
so I keep watching all these Power
Rankings and putting optic 10th always
10th and it to me it's really sad to see
because I feel like they're gonna fight
for sixth place with echo Fox and the
reason is is I look at the a couple
months ago I was looking at all these
teams and we're gonna be like okay who
what teams are gonna make it in the
franchise and some are then I didn't and
most were like Oh a p1 is definitely to
be out
I was like well then maybe p1 and Fox
echo fox should just combine their
current rosters from last split so you'd
have like Zig Akkadian froggen and then
you'd put arrow and ex-special in the
bot lane well you kind of have that same
a lot of that same roster on optic now
you have like basically a frog and clone
in power of evil and in my opinion you
have basically the Peyton Manning of
eSports in elimination by being the old
guy that has still has the brain but
can't can't really perform the same
level like he used to like I'm a Bronco
fan so I know like watching my team win
the Superbowl with an aging quarterback
that needs a walker and so like I feel
like they could their you know be way
better than you and people are gonna
make him out to be
mark is elimination the Peyton Manning
of eSports know in in just the idea that
he's all like the old guy but can still
like has the brain to get pay and man is
in all-time great a quarterback yes of
course
he just say he just wants to say they're
both old the old guy why didn't you pick
an old guy who wasn't gonna be a Hall of
Fame quarterback early and that many old
people in League eSports wait no I don't
have a problem lemon I have a problem
with Payton why'd you pick pay and just
pick some lucky an old running back or
like some old okay placeholder look at
like hunt lemon lemons like career he's
always been like the guy with the
notebook like he was the first guy with
a notebook and he was always like doing
picking Ben and he was always was
impressed by his game knowledge and is
the way he draft and some of that and
all right it's similar to Peyton yeah I
don't want to throw you under the remark
bus just because you made the reference
like I know what you mean right which is
that they've got elimination sort of
such a distress our strategic thinking
and thought process brought in to the
team right and so I mean if you like and
then you have like Zig played with Mike
Young for about almost a full split and
and akkadian or I mean Mike Young an
Acadian is if it has a very similar play
style so I feel like they're gonna send
pretty well like it won't take long for
their synergy to art I'm sorry I haven't
seen I don't even have anyone what
finished watching marks video I know
he's watching a Tyler one stream for
some reason it but do a lot are a lot of
people putting optic into in last place
I think I've seen like three or four
videos that I think the the reason they
do that is because despite a lot of
people being kind of down on golden
Guardians no one thinks they're gonna be
ten and they think it's gonna be one of
these new mishmash teams and when you
look at those mishmash teams that the
worst two on paper are fly quest and
optic and I think go ahead and I was
gonna say I think people are just a lot
higher on the infrastructure that fly
quest should have gotten this time with
how many more resources they put into it
over optic I know remains great and
zabba teens untested so I think that is
I definitely agree with that
is that butene like no one knows hit
like how he's gonna perform as a coach
it's definitely a wild card I think he's
the best the biggest wild card for optic
is Zabu teen and I do agree with like
there's a lot of shortcomings in the
like on paper I feel like there's a lot
of like unknowns because like Acadian
and zag are both pretty young in their
careers as in their roles like Zig is
kind of helmet around the Challenger
scene as an ad carry main and then role
swapped and now is a starter talk for
years
okay I mean and I'm not exactly sure
like hey the length of his career so but
he seems pretty new overall like he's
only been a starter for a year and so
him and akkadian are pretty new you know
I feel like a lot of people are taking
their their lat their each of their last
splits into account more than their
careers so like arrow and Xia grana on a
bottom of the barrel of Phoenix one team
that all pers was in playoffs the year
before or the split before and akkadian
came out of the gates as a rookie and
just was smashing people and then he had
a down split the second in summer so I
mean I feel like there's there's
definitely a great potential for them to
be six like I am and I think
echovox are gonna fight for sixth place
I think I agree with the idea that optic
isn't like a lock at tenth I don't think
anyone who puts them at tenth is like
this team is a hundred percent tenth I
think everyone what always happens is
that there's these like I said these
teams that are smashed together and one
or two will flop one or two will do well
a couple will struggle or something like
that and you're not exactly sure who's
gonna be who because you really can't
say because there's no prior data other
than like all these guys have had high
moments and bad moments like Ryu and
meteos were part of that shitty p1 team
why do people put on you know I think
those are the kind of question marks
people look at and with EVP one team
also dominated at rift rebels yeah but
if rivals does so I just say I think the
reason people end up putting optic 10th
is that they have fewer of the high
highs to go on than some of these other
teams like you have some de afro
compared to lemon and Zig so I think
that's where you see people kind of
start dropping optic down if you start
looking at these new teams the only
other thing I'd say is I really don't
think power of evil is a good comparison
for froggy I think what I mean is like
he's the most like if you were gonna
like go into a lab and clone frog in but
it like you had like a couple of genes
off it would be power people it'd be
super close but at the same time he's
not like they have they have very
similar place that was their very farm
heavy and they like to do weird things
like build nashor's tooth on Oriana or
rapid firecannon on TF which makes sense
I like that I think it's awesome yeah I
don't know I think froggen plays the
game a lot more lane dominant yes I
think more selfishly and whereas P OE is
more yes I think they're pretty
different in how they want to influence
the game power of evil I agree isn't
super aggressive in the early game and
is like focused on farming stuff but he
becomes like a really good team fighter
who wants to roam around the map that
make place where that's something that
froggen is always struggled with I think
the last point I want to make on optic
is Romain he like every year when he was
with you unicorns he would come into the
next split and you would see all these
unknown people on it like unicorns are
done there and then their fourth or top
four like urine and you're out and I
think some of that has to do with Romain
yeah but he's not on his home turf
anymore so na LCS gonna let him prance
around shirtless that's the question
here that's where half the power comes
from is that he exposes his body hey
well thank you so much for calling in
really I know I know you do but I
actually have one more caller I have to
get to if you've never watched anime
before Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood
you can watch the dub or you can watch
the sub very accessible a part of both I
need to finish them I just took them off
Netflix and I was like well great it's
on Netflix you're like go to Netflix
it's there okay I'll go back to brother
thank you go watch Brotherhood no Liars
allowed kick him out lawyers I know no
excuses always thought on Netflix go to
crunchyroll oh it's not on crunchyroll
go to Hulu oh it's not on Hulu kiss
anime alright we just we need this one
last caller cuz I'm I noticed that while
there was that heated discussion about
optic you were in twitch chat arguing
with people about anime remember earlier
when I said don't look at twitch chat
because it's gonna give get you
distracted and now you're just in there
chatting about anime hey Travis this
next guys a robot hello memento mori
how where you calling from Oxford Ohio
okay are you why does your microphone
sound so weird it's weird because the
microphone sounds fine but like it
sounds like there's a background noise
bothers those microphones that you can
talk to and it like echoes environments
I was talking into a fan or something I
don't know my bad
what what would you what would you like
to talk about talk about how I'm pretty
disappointed for Riots lack of attempts
to increase viewership like overwash had
billboards and gamer Awards in a bunch
of
Kaiser's leading up to their opening
week obviously it was like successful
and say I was like Tyler won levels of
viewership well okay
and then when franchising was announced
I I think like a lot of people assumed
they were like more would be done with
all the NBA money specifically with
advertising and marketing and but so far
been pretty underwhelmed
I think the switch to like dream will
help your ship but I don't think I just
I thought there would be more done so
the only thing I would challenge you on
there is I don't think that there's any
evidence that putting a billboard up is
going to increase your stream viewership
I do think there's evidence that auto
planning your stream and the overwatch
tab of the Blizzard client is going to
increase your viewership that's not to
say that I I'm trying to spread it the
viewership that they're getting me with
overwatch League because I think it's
it's good and I think you know like you
can't attribute all that's how the
auto-playing stuff but I do think that
my guess would be that the mechanisms
that Blizzard is using to promote
overwatch league equipped with in their
launcher and within the game is actually
what is gonna drive most of that
viewership rather than stuff like the
YouTube ads that I've seen in the
billboards I just respect the effort
yeah I think it's nice I mean it it is
cool that they are trying but the other
thing that you you could I could I could
see a write employees saying is well we
don't need that because we already have
the viewership I hate I don't I think I
agree I agree it I understand like if
you're like trying to save money you
don't want to do it okay but to the
point of like did those YouTube ads help
boost viewership and like is there a
trackable metric to determine that if
the answer is yes then I really think
you should try it because if it does
increase your viewership that's like
probably a good use of money yeah that's
also not necessarily just increasing
viewership it's more like increase
increasing awareness like I don't even
think the NBA most of like the NBA fans
probably don't know much about there and
like there are the
counterparts like the golden Guardian or
Golden Warriors do the thing that was
pretty cool but besides that I didn't
see much else done yeah it depends on
where you think you're gonna get your
audience like to you do you think that
you can get a lot of people who don't
know anything about legal evidence to
watch legal legends I would assume that
the vast majority of the people that are
watching overwatch league play overwatch
and so that's that's pretty good to that
point though you know the fact that I
was seeing over what Mark I so it's it's
opening weekend and to the Tyler one
point like I feel like this is gonna
come maybe maybe it's not gonna feel as
negatives it feels in my head but like
I'm not stunned at the viewership I
think it was good I think it was great
but I'm not like wow how'd they hit this
after hyping it up for two years and
like advertising the hell out of it and
it being the biggest deal on twitch that
day like you know I know there was a
major going on I think or maybe hadn't
started yet but see like it's the same
thing with Tyler one like he was banned
for a year he was hyped up
he was unbanned by riot all that became
like a story mementos really disagrees
I'm just saying I guess so Sega's like
both Tyler wood and overwatch had like a
ton of height coming into their
premieres and both em did great Tyler
won obliterated the personal stream
record by a hundred and fifty thousand
ish 125 thousand we're and overwatch
degree and no way am I saying they not
didn't do great but like the idea of
having massive viewership on day one is
not something that I am impressed by I
guess I would say I I will say though
that I do like memento to your I think
I've said this a year ago even when
traditional sports come back in a season
there's a bunch of advertisements that
start to play to get people to know the
time slot and all that stuff I think it
would have been really exciting to see a
marketing campaign campaign come out
from right that's like the new LCS and
it's it's all hyping up like the new
teams and the new partnerships and all
this kind of stuff the new time the fact
that it's back to best of ones
you know like there's a there's a lot
they could have done there and I think
that as always they did basically what
they normally do and I think that that's
a missed opportunity so I think that's a
fair point
probably what would you have to say I
mean I think you guys already hit all
the points I definitely think that
having in client is definitely much
better than maybe putting out all these
crazy banners or putting all the mark is
dying right now they're having like
billboards all over the cities and
everything because like when I see a
billboard I'll think oh that's cool
remember to tune in but if my mom sees
the billboard or my grandma or someone
or someone who has no idea what gaming
is they're not gonna look at it and go
like oh I better go watch the League of
Riot Games or something like that so I
think in client stuff but I mean I don't
know how money works yet I bought ten
boxes of mac and cheese for like eight
bucks
mementos thank you so much for calling
I'd really appreciate it you can unmute
yeah but I appreciate it and I think you
should check in on that robot because it
sounds like it's gonna get work or your
voice I don't know what it is thank yous
imagine we meet him in person and he
just looks it just starts going it's
just like Joey's is a person how dare we
mock them celebrate diversity mimoto
thank you so much for this all and yeah
really really appreciate it
yeah III think experimenting more with
ad campaigns is something they should
look into I like the idea of it I just
don't want to go and be like look at how
successful it was for overwatch because
I felt like a lot of that was just due
to the existing hype and I don't know
the metrics yeah
Avila you want to wrap us up you got
anything you want to shout out anything
you want to say this is your open forum
here
top anime of this season no I'm just
kidding
violet effort garden who are you are you
just listening to Josh is that all that
you do you just listen to what he tells
you to watch watched it wrong alright
that's what I what is what does he made
you watch recently mark what this let's
wrap it with this no it's not wrap it
with this I only pilot ever garden I'm
gonna watch devil man crybaby that looks
like a good one
I'm excited for that look at Travis is
slowly disappearing off the face of the
earth
future Travis I will take your place and
you will keep reclining further and
further anim weaves are in the world I'm
about to kick you off pull your plug
your Twitter before I kick you off my
Twitter is all believed a you can follow
me for League of Legends stuff I do
interviews I'm excited for Day weekend
DLC yes don't kick around because I have
to fix the thing she's here until the
end you're excited it's gonna take her
out discord I mean we don't have to know
leave her there it's fine okay yeah mark
don't bully me all right are you done
with your thing I think so I plugged my
name awfully mate this is my Twitter
yeah could follow me for weird stuff and
you have a wish list what's on your wish
list these days I haven't updated him
forever I think there's like just a lot
of Jojo stuff okay just a lot of Jojo
avila dot-com slash support mark what do
you got not much you know I did an AMA
answer a lot of questions last week or
something put my first video out I'm
probably my content plan for 2018 is
analyst desk for LCS I'll be doing
Academy casting I'll be doing this show
blame game offline TV content still
planning on doing glt but any figure out
where that slots in so yeah I'm gonna be
a busy boy follow my Twitter it's on
screen right now at the mark Z to keep
up with all my stuff what is a Buster
activity map man
oh okay so that is a dog mat so
basically it has marijuana it's all I
know thank you
I'll see your body pills are no longer
available you can you can check out all
my stuff at my youtube channel if you
are watching the YouTube video right now
that people ask this question all the
time we tend to stream these at 8 p.m.
on Mondays sometimes you have to move
you